Refresh helm (#880)
DiamondLightSource/blueapi: helm/blueapi/README.md

| initContainer | object | `{"enabled":false,"persistentVolume":{"enabled":false,"existingClaimName":""}}` | Configure the initContainer that checks out the scratch configuration repositories |
| initContainer.persistentVolume.enabled | bool | `false` | Whether to use a persistent volume in the cluster or check out onto the mounted host filesystem If persistentVolume.enabled: False, mounts scratch.root as scratch.root in the container |
| initContainer.persistentVolume.existingClaimName | string | `""` | May be set to an existing persistent volume claim to re-use the volume, else a new one is created for each blueapi release |
| livenessProbe | object | `{"failureThreshold":3,"httpGet":{"path":"/healthz","port":"http"},"periodSeconds":10}` | Liveness probe, if configured kubernetes will kill the pod and start a new one if failed consecutively. This is automatically disabled when in debug mode. |
| nameOverride | string | `""` |  |
| nodeSelector | object | `{}` | May be required to run on specific nodes (e.g. the control machine) |
| podAnnotations | object | `{}` |  |
| podLabels | object | `{}` |  |
| podSecurityContext | object | `{}` |  |

> | readinessProbe | object | `{"httpGet":{"path":"/healthz","port":"http"}}` | Readiness probe, if configured kubernetes will not route traffic to this pod if failed consecutively. This is automatically disabled when in debug mode. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| readinessProbe | object | `{"httpGet":{"path":"/healthz","port":"http"}}` | Readiness probe, if configured kubernetes will not route traffic to this pod until the read condition is met. If failed for 10 time this will restart the pod. This is automatically disabled when in debug mode. |
```
The same `periodSeconds` and `failureThreshold` should be mentioned here

> | resources | object | `{}` | Sets the compute resources available to the pod. When using debug mode or an internal PVC we recommend limits.cpu: 2000m, limits.memory: 4000m requests must be >= 0.1*limits |

Reviewer: Can we have `resourcesPreset` I think we will need only 2
1. default
2. debug-mode

Reviewer: The limits have been added,and the `resourcesPreset` is consider not important considering our scale

| worker.api.url | string | `"http://0.0.0.0:8000/"` | 0.0.0.0 required to allow non-loopback traffic If using hostNetwork, the port must be free on the host |
| worker.env.sources[0] | object | `{"kind":"deviceFunctions","module":"blueapi.startup.example_devices"}` | modules (must be installed in the venv) to fetch devices/plans from |
| worker.logging | object | `{"graylog":{"enabled":false,"url":"http://graylog-log-target.diamond.ac.uk:12232/"},"level":"INFO"}` | Configures logging |
| worker.logging.graylog.url | string | `"http://graylog-log-target.diamond.ac.uk:12232/"` | This is the `dodal` input which will be renamed to blueapi |
| worker.scratch | object | `{"repositories":[],"root":"/blueapi-plugins/scratch"}` | If initContainer is enabled the default branch of python projects in this section are installed into the venv *without their dependencies* |
| worker.stomp | object | `{"auth":{"password":"guest","username":"guest"},"enabled":false,"url":"http://rabbitmq:61613/"}` | Message bus configuration for returning status to GDA/forwarding documents downstream |

----------------------------------------------

> Autogenerated from chart metadata using [helm-docs v1.14.2](https://github.com/norwoodj/helm-docs/releases/v1.14.2)

Author: The linting will fail if the output should have changed, as it's run as a pre-commit hook
